That's my dog.
Who is that?
Don't you know this is my exclusive music room?
Go away
This song? Where did this song come from?
You tell me where it came from.
Crazy lunatic get out of the way
Go away, what are you still doing?
Quickly pull him away for me
How dare you hurt me
I let you walk around
Where did the lyrics to this song come from?
Of course I wrote my songs
Besides, why should I tell you?
You wrote it.
This is obviously what I wrote
This is what I wrote.
Just you, the plumber.
Do you think anyone will believe you when you write songs?
Hmph, are you going to laugh me to death?
No, no.
Yeah this is my song
This is obviously my song
You said it was your song
Do you have any evidence?
I have it do you have it